Functional components will appear in the vue devtools 5.x version (#2112)
vuejs/vuejs.org: src/v2/guide/render-function.md

After adding `functional: true`, updating the render function of our anchored heading component would require adding the `context` argument, updating `this.$slots.default` to `context.children`, then updating `this.level` to `context.props.level`.

> functional components are just functions, they're much cheaper to render. now they can show up in the [Vue devtools v5+](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools) component tree, but the previous version won't.

Reviewer: I believe it's way better to just keep the original paragraph without the "However" sentence.

> functional components are just functions, they're much cheaper to render. now they can show up in the [Vue devtools v5+](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools) component tree, but the previous version won't.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since functional components are just functions, they're much cheaper to render.
```
